hi this is a short video about very
basics of Alexa development at the end
of this I think I'm gonna spend about
ten minutes on this you'll have
something coming out of your computer
that says welcome this is a demo Alexa
development for the RNIB forums that's
not necessarily a useful end product but
it kind gets you on the way to how to
develop an Alexa and I'm hoping this
will be the starting point for us all to
have a conversation on the RNIB forums I
have a relative who I let's say support
she's visually impaired and she finds
Alexa and the few things I do in Alexa a
great use to her right let's start some
actual development could you please go
to this location
I'll put any links and snippets and
things like that in the notes either on
youtube or on the forum now when you get
to this point you may find the Pentagon
web that you have previously signed up
or looked in that you are prompted to do
that this video doesn't cover the area
it assumes that you've done all those
settings but we can have that discussion
on the forums if you're struggling with
that once you get to this place I would
like you to click create skill select
custom down here by default provision
your own is selected
please pick Alexa host it go back up
here and click at so it first of all you
need to put in the actual skill let us
call it I'm just copying it from my
other screen talking book click create
skill
that will take about a minute as it says
I'll come back when it's just about done
that has finished we've got full build
successful
I appreciate that if this is the first
time or even not even the first time
that you've looked at this area
developing in in for Alexa then it may
look terribly puzzling but this is just
the starting point to encourage you to
actually prove that oh look I can get
some spoken text out that I've written
proving I have control over this and
then we can take things from there so
very gentle steps to start with let's
close that so the full build was
successful so what it's done is it's
built this template you had no influence
over the content of that template we'll
come to that in a moment we'll help we
can at least change something in there
so let's click that get rid of that so
that was build let's now go to code now
the code again it's a template is just
paste of this stuff in let's think stand
what will happen and we will actually do
this when we press the right buttons
then it will say welcome you can say
hello or help which would you like to
try so let's we're going to do that just
to prove that we can get the basic thing
working so let's click deploy
okay so that deployment was successful
that and now we'll go to the test so we
went through build well first of all we
call it talking phonebook that's kind of
a detail right now we went to build and
yeah it's called talking phonebook we
went to code we didn't make any changes
we simply deployed that we are now going
to tech so I'm going to paste in the
magic words first of all we have to by
default the skill testing is disabled so
I just enabled that now we're going to
paste in the entry that we want it to
detect we could use the microphone I'm
not going to I've just hit welcome you
can say hello or help which would you
like to try so there we've got a basic
proof there sure we can this template we
can get it to work now what I want to do
is to go back and change the code going
to prove that we can just a little bit
influence what's being said here so I'm
going to change the text that it just
spoke to something different and if it
works then we will hear this text
welcome this is a demo of a lexer
development for the RNIB forums I want
to make it quite clear I have nothing to
do with RNIB my it's a very good
organization but I have nothing to do
them this is all voluntary just trying
to help the community just to make that
quite clear so having done that I will
click Save and I will then click deploy
now we've already done the save and the
deploy before but now we've
changed things we have to do the safer
and the deploy again so we're changing
the code here deployment successful ok
so now we can go to tests and we will
again paste in our open know nothing we
can now paste in again our open talking
phonebook command I'm going to hit
return again and this time I expect
different text ok this is a demo of
Alexa development for the RNIB forums
and there we go so just starting point
I'd be really interested to get the
conversation going on our own
RNIB forum for anyone in a similar
position to me that is
I'm a someone who wants to does some
minor alexa development specifically for
their visually impaired friend or
relative and i want to share the little
that I know thanks for watching bye